Agenda: 


MERIDIAN HEALTH

1. Referred handles for socials?
    1. Meridiangimetabolic
    2. Meridianhealthau
2. Approve purchase order ~$110 reception@meridianhealth.com.au
3. MBA building Brevo system integrated with website, we will cover charge of lean CRM build to avoid additional administrative work etc, and switch over to your accounts only if approved. Current feedback from Jen team not engaging with omnisend. Still recommended to set up the CRM testing for nurture flow as reference with Everlab. 
4. Tech stack moving forward looking to be Replit
5. MHII Script approval and filming
    1. Script 01 - Message: Meridian Health unites MGOS MWLS. Delivers care across Upper GI, bariatric, metabolic
    2. Script 02 - Message: Obesity and metabolic health concerns are now among the fastest-growing health challenges facing Australians. Meridian Health recognises the need for comprehensive care. 
6. SWARD Script approval and filming
    1. Script 01 - Thought a good angle here could be that the 3 months leading up to Meridian opening is a valuable pre-operative planning window to ensure the patient is in the best form and supported. (For example the lady that mentioned she had quit smoking for 3 months in the PINFO
7. Will the app ever go on the Apple and Goole store?
    * To make it installable from the App Store, you need to run Replit's built-in Expo Launch flow — that handles the production iOS build and App Store submission. The publish button appears in the top-right of the workspace once you are ready. You will need:
    * An Apple Developer account ($149 AUD/year)
    * Android (Google Play) is not currently supported through Replit's publishing flow. Android publishing would need to be done separately, outside Replit, when you are ready.
8. DL Brochures for Referrers / GPs
    1. Work on this initiated however we need to figure out the right angle and headlines as we work through other deliverables, if okay we will present this June 14?
9. Referrer Pack
10. Complete Website
    1. Launch mid August? 
        1. Want to work on the content and copy, streamline layouts 
        2. Would be great to have real imagery for the interior shoots to go live. 
        3. Keep pre-launch live leading up to
11. Referrer Pack
12. Complete Website
    1. Launch mid August? 
        1. Want to work on the content and copy, streamline layouts 
        2. Would be great to have real imagery for the interior shoots to go live. 
        3. Keep pre-launch live leading up to 
